sales leader in the renault segment
duster has just won its first
limited series
now ally the internal space
robustness like no other utility
of the segment
the model gained a more
increased and the average nave a complete
integrated multimedia system
call the dancer techworld series
limited is based on the
dynamique that is available in three
1.6 16 valves with
5-speed manual transmission 2.0 16
high tech valves with transmission
manual of six gears and 2.0 of 16
reflex valves with automatic
four speeds
both with traction 4 2 the new proposals
aesthetics of duster techworld were
created by renault design team
Latin America and especially thought
I do not like Brazilians.
the vehicle had the sporty look
highlighted by the black mask lights
aluminum wheels rim 16 in gray color
stainless steel black side sticker
stickers that identify the series
is available in four
different colors
inside the main novelty is the
media system that can be accessed
by means of a touch screen
7 inches integrated in the panel or
by satellite command in the
direction with colored display and buttons
large and the menus are easy to
configuration and provide access to
various technologies intuitively
among them the memorization of 12
radio frequencies playing music
phone by bluetooth or by phone
auxiliary telephone calls also
can be made via bluetooth
as well as access to the
calls and other functions
all through voice transmission
made by speakers what it offers
safety to the driver who can not
distract the wheel facilitating
driving system also offers
gps system for other purposes than with
possibility to save the route in
Important information such as the time
scheduled arrival at destination distance
to be traveled and average speed of
the media system in the live of 7 in the
tecnoworld version but can also be
purchased as an option in the four duster
for four to 500 reais
terek gronzy offered with a wide range of
list of equipment between them direction
hydraulic air-conditioning locks and
electric windows brakes with abs system
and air bag double all pretty
valued by the Brazilian consumer
moreover the vehicle is guaranteed
three years and easy maintenance
the prices start from 54 thousand and eight hundred
real for version 1.6 16 valves
four by two manual 58 thousand
four hundred and fifty reais for
version 2.0 of 16 valves four per
two manual and 62 thousand 150 reais for
automatic
manufactured in ayrton industrial complex
and commercialized in several
countries of the world the kingdom of God has been
released in October 2011
since its launch have already been
emplacadas over 38,000 units the 484
which shows wide acceptance of the car in the
Brazilian market